Interceding during the beginning of war, the United Galactic Authority (UGA) dissolved all Earthly governments and established a local authority and shuttle port in africa, with the interstellar space port in orbit directly above at all times. The space port, known as "the flower" colloquially is where the Overseer of Integration is based, and few humans have stepped foot inside.

The Overseer is known as Adam, his Earth name, which most aliens working on Earth have adopted. Certain species do not communicate and translation devices are generally available. 

Adam's species is not defined by Earth as of yet, a ball of organic matter that communicates almost entirely telepathically as far as humans. It is understood that he also communicates via body movements.


The UGA is made up of thousands of species, and the process of giving them all a "Earth" name is underway, so that humans can use their local languages to communicate. Most high ranking humans in the UGA have had translating devices supplied (in a variety of ways) so that they can perform diplomatic duties.

The UGA discarded most implementations of human hierarchy in favour of a form of representative technocracy, with minimal overhead. A lot of issues are voted on via application software available to everyone who has passed a certain tier of integration.

Integration schools are available at a lot of previous major locations for humanity, the capitals of previous countries and the holy places of most major religions. 

Most mass beliefs were considered indoctrination under the UGAs laws and banned, which led to a period of religious insurgency. Whilst dramatic to begin with, the superior technology and force of the UGA quashed this violently. Private beliefs are tolerated, preaching is widely looked down upon. 

Education is very prized, and humans are encouraged to show case their abilities. Most technologies of the UGA are open domain and there are plans for humans to build their own space technologies.